DBZ-6688 Improve Kafka channel documentation (#4773)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/signalling.adoc

== Enabling Kafka signaling channel

You can enable the Kafka signaling channel by adding it to the `signal.enabled.channels` configuration property, and then adding the name of the topic that receives signals to the `signal.kafka.topic` property.

> A Kafka consumer will be created to consume signals sent on the configured signal topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you enable the signaling channel, a Kafka consumer is created to consume signals that are sent to the configured signal topic.
```
